Update change-log.md 21.04.2023 (#90)
humanitec/about: docs/change-log.md

This document provides an overview of the changes we are making over time. Feel free to reach out to us in case of any specific questions.

## Product Update April 21st, 2023

> - **New:** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - **New:** Introduced [Versioning of Shared Values and overrides](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-shared-values-and-secrets/versioning-of-values-and-secrets).

Reviewer: This is a pretty big feature, I think it'll be great to add a bit of an explanation (and potentially link the release announcement if we have one)

Author: ```suggestion
- **New:** To increase the transparency of changes in Shared values and secrets and enable more functionality, like reverting to past values, we have introduced [Versioning of Shared Values and overrides](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-shared-values-and-secrets/versioning-of-values-and-secrets). Versioning of Shared values and secrets means that every change generates a new version of an app value or environment override. We have been collecting those versions for over six months, and you can access them either through UI or [API](https://api-docs.humanitec.com/#tag/ValueSetVersion). In addition to operations on individual values, API enables actions on the entire Value Sets.
```

Author: the blog announcement will be published next week because of the full focus on developer.humanitec.com release

> - **Improved:** Added a "learn more" link to error messages for past deployments to make troubleshooting issues easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Improved:** Added support for viewing error messages of past failed deployments.
```

> - **Improved:** It is now possible to review usage of Humanitec's default resources in the [Resource Management screen](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/resource-management).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Improved:** It is now possible to view the active resources of Humanitec's default resource definitions in the Usage tab of the [Resource Definition Details screen](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/resource-management#resource-definition-details)
```

> - **Improved:** The [deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) UI has been revamped, making it easier for developers to compare app states and troubleshoot issues. Check out [the release announcement on our blog](https://humanitec.com/blog/spot-the-difference-introducing-humanitecs-improved-deployment-diff).

Author: ```suggestion
- **New:** Added support for defining [Shared values and secrets](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/humanitec/humanitec/latest/docs/resources/value) to the [Humanitec Terraform Provider (https://registry.terraform.io/providers/humanitec/humanitec/latest/docs. 

- **Improved:** The [deployment diff](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-environments/deploy-to-environments/diff-deployments) UI has been revamped, making it easier for developers to compare app states and troubleshoot issues. Check out [the release announcement on our blog](https://humanitec.com/blog/spot-the-difference-introducing-humanitecs-improved-deployment-diff).
```

> - **Improved:** Deployment diff now shows changes even if the application hasn't been deployed.

Reviewer: Just for my understanding: Previously when hitting "deploy" on a new application the deployment diff was empty? (even if I made changes: added worksloads etc)

Author: That was my understanding. Here's the ticket: https://humanitec.atlassian.net/browse/WAL-6835

> - **Improved:** It is now possible to view the active resources of Humanitec's default resource definitions in the Usage tab of the [Resource Definition Details screen](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/resource-management#resource-definition-details)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Improved:** It is now possible to view the active resources of Humanitec's default resource definitions in the "Usage" tab of the [Resource Definition Details screen](https://docs.humanitec.com/reference/user-interface/resource-management#resource-definition-details).
```

> - **Improved:** Deployment diff now shows changes even if the application hasn't been deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Improved:** The deployment diff now shows changes for newly created applications that haven't been deployed yet.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Improved:** The design of [private](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-workloads/manage-resource-dependencies) and [shared resources](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-apps/shared-resources) of running deployments. A direct link to the connected [Resource Definition](https://docs.humanitec.com/guides/orchestrate-infrastructure/dynamic-vs-static-resource-definitions) has been added for [Organization Administrators](https://docs.humanitec.com/guides/manage-users-permissions/role-based-access-control#organization-roles). 
```

Reviewer: This can be added once we updated the docs https://github.com/humanitec/docs-site-gitbook/pull/67

This document provides an overview of the changes we are making over time. Feel free to reach out to us in case of any specific questions.

## Product Update April 21st, 2023

- **New:** To increase the transparency of changes in Shared values and secrets and enable more functionality, like reverting to past values, we have introduced [Versioning of Shared Values and overrides](https://docs.humanitec.com/using-humanitec/work-with-shared-values-and-secrets/versioning-of-values-and-secrets). Versioning of Shared values and secrets means that every change generates a new version of an app value or environment override. We have been collecting those versions for over six months, and you can access them either through UI or [API](https://api-docs.humanitec.com/#tag/ValueSetVersion). In addition to operations on individual values, API enables actions on the entire Value Sets.

> - **New:** Added support for defining [Shared values and secrets](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/humanitec/humanitec/latest/docs/resources/value) to the [Humanitec Terraform Provider (https://registry.terraform.io/providers/humanitec/humanitec/latest/docs. 

Author: ```suggestion
- **New:** Added support for defining [Shared values and secrets](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/humanitec/humanitec/latest/docs/resources/value) to the [Humanitec Terraform Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/humanitec/humanitec/latest/docs). 
```
